It is a butterfly chest
Three grants still continue, but today is full
I would like to cook It is soy milk to make today
Well then we will make the ingredients we use today is Negishi Shijiji tofu
Daikon and soymilk, so unadjusted soymilk
Finally, it is the breast
It cuts the wood first
Yes I will cut the radish peel next green onion
I will cut it thinly if it peels
The radish is cut like this and boil hot water in the pot
I also cut tofu while boiling water
The
We will break it into a size that is easy to eat
At the end of this kind of feeling I will keep listening to the size of the chicken breast meat which is easy to eat
The chicken has run out
Yes I put a place for the fire when the water is boiling
Appropriately
I will put the cut chicken there
Next I will add radish
Good
Take a little bite and put in mushrooms and tofu.
Next, add soy milk
I bought it if not
Wow
Yabuya I Bar I hate the last to see likely
We do not have enough miso, which will continue to put the miso
Nen
The amount of miso is miso
Cut if still say
Tasting
Horse miso just place miso just mad
We put green onion at the end
Yes, it is completion of soy milk juice So you will
Oh there was maroon
Armor sweet taste slightly milder than sweet miso soup
The materials used today are daikon radish and so on.
Because I'm I'm I do this when you organize Toka vegetables that are left over in the refrigerator
I think so by all means try the material can do anything if I Toka goo be anything iso
Please give me
I really stay
Bye bye